# Let's Vote - Voting App

Let's Vote is a voting app which allows users to make posts about two things and have people vote on which is best. The website aims to be a fun, social place to for people to light-heartedly share their interests with other people. Users are able to be creative and share their interests with other users in numerous ways. For example, users can interact through posting content for other uses to see, voting on other users' posts and also commenting on posts. The home page displays the most recent posts by all users in a feed, where users can infintely scroll to load more posts. Users are able to tailor the posts that they see to match their interests by using the search bar or category dropdown to filter the post feed. Users can also revisit posts that they have previously voted on via the 'Your Votes' page, as well as revisit posts that they have favourited via the 'Favourites' page. Users can are also able to see their own or other users' profile information, such as the total number of posts, votes made and votes received by the user. This aims to encourage users to actively participate in the community and create a sense of competition and commitment to the app. Full CRUD functionality is available to the user, as both posts and comments are able to created, read, updated and deleted if the user is the author. Users are also able to remove their votes on specific posts and then revote for alternative option. Finally users are able to control the content of their profiles, namely their username, password, description and profile image, which aims to act as an additional source of creativity on the website.

The target audience for the website is vast due to the variety of content that can exist on the website. Coupled with the search and category filtering feature, the webiste is able to offer a personalised experience for users with totally contrasting intersts. This said, the target audience includes social and creative people as they would engage the most with the functionality of this website. Let's Vote aims to make this audience recurrent users by providing them with a community and opportunity to interact, as well as giving them an oppotunity to be creative with their posts content. The website aims for people to post and check for posts that interest them daily.

